Pm 2.0 ga2 kim edits (#66)
mulesoft/docs-partner-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/troubleshooting.adoc

> = Resolving Current Issues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= List of Troubleshooting Resources
```

Author: Fixed.

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> Here are some resources you can use when troubleshooting problems Anypoint Partner Manager 2.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are some resources you can use when troubleshooting issues in Anypoint Partner Manager 2.0:
```

* Scan these known issues with workarounds

* Examine information from your payloads

* Examine the log files. For more information on log files, See
https://docs.mulesoft.com/mule-runtime/4.2/logging-and-debugging[Logging and Debugging].

// == See Also
// Add links to any related errors, if required. You might need to add links about the concept of the component where the error occurs, or perhaps the absence of the requirement which caused the error.
// * xref:file-name.adoc[link-text]

> //add any pertinent links

Reviewer: INCOMPLETE
